Note that mc support perf suspends other S3 API calls for testing (#1199)
minio/docs: source/reference/minio-mc/mc-support-perf.rst

.. end-mc-support-perf-desc

The resulting tests can provide general guidance of deployment performance under S3 ``GET`` and ``PUT`` requests and identify any potential bottlenecks.

.. admonition:: Other S3 API calls suspended during testing
   :class: note

   For S3 testing, :mc:`mc support perf` temporarily suspends S3 API calls during a test.
   They are automatically restarted after the test is complete or if the command is cancelled.

> 

Author: @klauspost which tests do this? `mc support perf client`? What exactly happens during the test? Requests rejected?

Author: Also want to understand what "freeze" means. Maybe "suspend" isn't the right word here either. (And the other command is named `unfreeze`.) It would be better to give some additional context.

Author: I think this also applies to `mc support perf net`

Reviewer: Requests are held back in and queued.

The resulting tests can provide general guidance of deployment performance under S3 ``GET`` and ``PUT`` requests and identify any potential bottlenecks.
For more complete performance testing, consider using a combination of load-testing using your staging application environments and the MinIO `WARP <https://github.com/minio/warp>`_ S3 benchmarking tool.

:mc:`mc support perf` has the following subcommands

#. :mc-cmd:`~mc support perf drive`

   Measure the speed of drives in a MinIO deployment.

   :mc-cmd:`mc support perf drive` temporarily suspends S3 API calls during the test.
   Incoming requests are queued until the test is complete or the command is cancelled.

> 

Author: 🤔  I debated making these admonitions, but they sure take up a lot of space in the page.

Reviewer 2: I think that's the right call. Admonitions can be obnoxious.

   Measure the network throughput of all nodes.

   :mc-cmd:`mc support perf net` temporarily suspends S3 API calls during the test.

>    Incoming requests are queued until the test is complete or the command is cancelled.

Reviewer 2: Alternative for you to consider to avoid all of the passives.
If you use it here, use it in both places.

```suggestion
   Incoming requests are held in a queue while the command runs.
   When the command completes or ends, queued requests process as normal.
```

Author: Derp 🤦🏻

Author: used variant of your suggestion 💯
